Add Cookstyle 6.2 notes (#601)
chef/cookstyle: RELEASE_NOTES.md

Overly complex conditional check:

```ruby
file '/etc/some/config' do
  content 'value = true'
  only_if { ::File.exist?('/etc/some/config') }
end
```

:create_if_missing action usage:

```ruby
file '/etc/some/config' do
  content 'value = true'
  action :create_if_missing
end
```

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

#### ChefStyle/NegatingOnlyIf

The `ChefStyle/NegatingOnlyIf` cop detects resources that use an only_if to run Ruby code that is then negated using Ruby's logical NOT operator (!). This conditional will be autocorrected to use not_if without the operator instead.

only_if with negated ruby:

```ruby
package 'legacy-sysv-deps' do
  only_if { !is_something_true? }
end
```

not_if without the negated ruby:

```ruby
package 'legacy-sysv-deps' do
  not_if { is_something_true? }
end
```

`Enabled by default`: True

`Autocorrects`: Yes

### RuboCop 0.81

> The RuboCop engine that powers Cookstyle has been updated from 0.80.1 to 0.81.0 which includes a large number of fixes for bugs encountered during cookbook testing. This release also includes support for new Ruby syntax introduced in Ruby 2.7, which will ship in Chef Infra Client 16.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RuboCop engine that powers Cookstyle has been updated from 0.80.1 to 0.81.0 which includes a large number of fixes for bugs encountered during cookbook testing. This release also includes support for new Ruby syntax, introduced in Ruby 2.7, which will ship in Chef Infra Client 16.
```

### Other Changes

- The `ChefCorrectness/IncorrectLibraryInjection` no longer incorrectly autocorrects libraries that send to the `Chef::DSL::Resource` class.

> - `TargetChefVersion` support in the .rubocop.yml config has been added to five of the `ChefDeprecation` cops making it easier to move from legacy versions of Chef Infra Client without jumping right to the latest releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `TargetChefVersion` support in the .rubocop.yml config has been added to five of the `ChefDeprecation` cops. This will make it easier to move from legacy versions of Chef Infra Client without jumping right to the latest releases.
```
